https://www.blackberry.com/en/overview
Meet the BlackBerry leadership team.
Get to know the leaders at BlackBerry.


John Giamatteo | Chief Executive Officer
John Giamatteo is BlackBerry Chief Executive Officer and President of its Secure Communications division. John brings to BlackBerry over 30 years of experience in P&L, go-to-market, marketing, customer relationships, and customer success with global high technology companies. He came to BlackBerry from McAfee where he was President and Chief Revenue Officer for over six years. Prior to that John served as Chief Operating Officer at AVG Technologies, a leading provider of internet and mobile security. He also held leadership positions with Solera, RealNetworks and Nortel Networks. John holds an MBA and Bachelor of Accounting from St. John’s University in New York.


Jennifer Armstrong-Owen | Chief People Officer
Jennifer Armstrong-Owen is Chief People Officer. In this role, she is responsible for the BlackBerry people strategy and operations in support of its business and team members around the globe. Jennifer brings over 30 years of progressive experience in the HR field and has spent the last fourteen years serving as the people leader for multiple public and private technology companies. These companies include OfferUp, SeekOut, Chef Software, Impinj, Corbis, and RealNetworks. Jennifer holds an MBA from the University of Washington and a BA from The Evergreen State College. Additionally, she sits on the board of a non-profit organization focused on providing transitional housing for homeless families in the Seattle area.


John Dimitropoulos | Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer
John Dimitropoulos (JD) is Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. He brings over 30 years of extensive international experience in the telecoms, media, and technology sectors. Over the course of his career, JD has been involved with and led many international acquisitions and divestments in Europe, Asia, and the United States for various US-based tech companies. JD’s recent stints include assisting McAfee in the United States with both Corporate Development and Sales Channel optimization. He has also acted as a Corporate Advisor to South Korean SK Telecom's CEO. Additionally, JD spent 12 years consulting with Real Networks, a Seattle-based company, where he was responsible for assisting in the development of the long-term strategy for its Mobile Entertainment division, as well as driving M&A activity for the company. Prior to this, JD had two appointments with Nortel Networks, in London as well as New York, and in Seoul, South Korea. JD holds a Bachelor of Business, Accounting and Computer Science and is currently undertaking his GAICD accreditation.


Tim Foote | Chief Financial Officer
Tim Foote is Chief Financial Officer and is responsible for internal and external financial reporting and compliance, financial strategy and management, investor relations and treasury. Tim joined the Company following BlackBerry’s acquisition of Good Technology in 2015 and brings over two decades of experience across a number of senior finance leadership positions in both public and private multinational companies. While at BlackBerry, his roles have included managing the Company’s international finance operations, Vice President of Investor Relations and, most recently, CFO for the Cybersecurity division. Tim holds an MBA from Imperial College Business School, London and is a Chartered Accountant.


Jesse Harold | Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer and Chief Information Security Officer
Jesse Harold is Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer and Chief Information Security Officer at BlackBerry. In this role, Jesse is responsible for technology operations of the company’s Cybersecurity and IoT SaaS portfolio, IT services and Cloud and business transformation enablement. He also leads all aspects of BlackBerry's information and product security, focusing on effective management of cybersecurity risks, policies and procedures. Jesse joined BlackBerry’s Core Network Engineering team in 2008. His career with the Company has seen him progress rapidly through various roles to Vice President, where he helped to transform IT into a truly enterprise function, and now CIO. Jesse’s academic background includes an Executive MBA from Queen’s University, an Advanced Diploma in Telecommunications Technology from Sheridan College, and CISM and CRISC credentials.


Phil Kurtz | Chief Legal Officer and Head of Government Affairs
Phil Kurtz is Chief Legal Officer and Head of Government Affairs, overseeing the company’s global legal functions, including corporate governance, strategic transactions, securities regulation and shareholder matters, litigation, privacy, and compliance. As Head of Government Affairs, Phil leads government engagement globally in support of policy strategy and the delivery of secure, trusted technology. In addition, Phil leads BlackBerry’s Licensing business, with responsibility for patent monetization and prosecution, and serves as the company’s Corporate Secretary and Chief Risk Officer. Phil has held roles of increasing responsibility at BlackBerry since 2009, including Vice President, Deputy General Counsel, and Assistant Corporate Secretary. Prior to joining BlackBerry, he was a partner at VenGrowth Capital and an associate at McCarthy Tétrault LLP. Phil holds LLB and MBA degrees from the University of Toronto and a BA from Huron University College at Western University. In 2012, he was a recipient of the Forty Under 40 Award from the Ottawa Business Journal and the Ottawa Chamber of Commerce.


John Wall | President QNX
As President of QNX, John Wall is responsible for the direction and overall strategy for the QNX division. He oversees all go-to-market activity and the planning, design, and development of QNX’s portfolio of products, including design consulting and custom engineering. Previously Chief Operating Officer and Head of Product, Engineering and Services for QNX, John has been an integral member of the BlackBerry QNX team since 1993. He has held a variety of roles within the organization, including Vice President of Engineering and Services. A frequent speaker and known industry expert in the general embedded software industry, John is a graduate of Carleton University in Ottawa and holds a Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Electronics Engineering.

Board of Directors

Guiding the strategic vision.
Meet the BlackBerry Board of Directors delivering strategic oversight and expertise.


Richard Lynch | Chair of the Board of Directors
Mr. Lynch is Chair of the Board of Directors and is a member of the Compensation Committee. He has served as a director of the Company since February 2013. He has bachelor’s and master’s degrees in Electrical Engineering from Lowell Technological Institute (now University of Massachusetts) and post-graduate executive education from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and the Johnson School of Management at Cornell University. Mr. Lynch is President of FB Associates, LLC, which provides advisory and consulting services at the intersection of technology, marketing and business operations. Prior to his current role, Mr. Lynch served as Executive Vice-President & Chief Technology Officer for Verizon Communications and Verizon Wireless. He is a Life Fellow of The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers. Mr. Lynch previously served as Chairman of Ribbon Communications and as a director of Ruckus Wireless. He has also served on a number of professional organizations including the GSM Association, the CDMA Development Group, the Federal Communications Commission Technical Advisory Committee and the Communications Security Reliability and Interoperability Council. Mr. Lynch has been honored with the President's Award by the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association and has also been inducted into the Wireless History Foundation's Hall of Fame.


Lisa Bahash | Chair of the Compensation Committee
Ms. Bahash has served as a director of the Company since September 2024 and is Chair of the Compensation Committee. Ms. Bahash has over 30 years of experience in the automotive OEM, Tier 1 supplier and aftermarket sectors. She served as Senior Vice President, Automotive and Transportation with Jabil Inc., targeting opportunities in connectivity, electrification and ADAS. Prior to Jabil, Ms. Bahash was Group Vice President and General Manager of Johnson Control’s Power Solutions business, leading the OEM and technology strategies including advanced energy storage and lithium-ion technologies. She was also President and CEO of Ride Control, LLC (Gabriel), prior to which she held leadership positions at Ford Motor Company. Most recently, Ms. Bahash served as Principal and Operating Partner at Architect Equity LLC. She is a member of the Board of Directors at Syrah Resources Ltd. (ASX: SYR), where she serves as Chair of the Remuneration, Nomination and Governance Committee and as a member of the Sustainability Committee. Ms. Bahash is also a former director of Mattr Corp (TSX: MATR, formerly Shawcor Ltd.). She holds a Master of Engineering Management degree from Wayne State University and a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Michigan. In 2015, Ms. Bahash was recognized as one of Automotive News Top 100 Leading Women in the North American Auto Industry.


Philip Brace | Chair of the Nomination and Governance Committee
Mr. Brace has served as a director of the Company since February 2024 and is Chair of the Nomination and Governance Committee. Mr. Brace also currently serves as the CEO of Skyworks Solutions Inc., a leading developer, manufacturer, and provider of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors. He has an extensive background in the IoT, semiconductor, server and storage industries. His roles over the past 3 decades include a wide array of functions, including software, hardware, engineering, marketing, and sales. From July 2021 to January 2023, Mr. Brace served as President and CEO of leading Canadian wireless communications designer, Sierra Wireless Inc., where he led the company to a successful acquisition by Semtech Corporation. Prior to this, Mr. Brace served as Executive Vice President at Veritas Technologies, President of Seagate Technology’s Cloud Systems and Electronic Solutions, Executive Vice President at LSI Corporation, and General Manager at Intel Corporation. Mr. Brace has also served as Executive Chairman of Inseego Inc. and as a director of Lantronix Corp. Mr. Brace holds a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Computer Engineering from the University of Waterloo and a Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering from California State University, Sacramento. He has also participated in the Stanford University Directors’ Consortium.


Lisa Disbrow | Chair of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
Ms. Disbrow has served as a director of the Company since August 2019 and is Chair of the Audit and Risk Management Committee. She has a BA from the University of Virginia, an MA from The George Washington University and an MS from The National War College in National Strategy. Ms. Disbrow is the Chair of CACI International Inc, the Chair of the NobleReach Foundation, and a director of Mercury Systems, Inc. and Avathon, Inc. In addition, Ms. Disbrow is a Senior Fellow at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Lab and the Vice Chair of the National Defense Industrial Association. She recently served on the President’s Export Council, as Chair of the Secretary of Defense’s Reserve Forces Policy Board, and as a Commissioner on the Congressional Planning, Programming, Budgeting and Execution Reform Commission. Previously, she served as the Senate-confirmed Under Secretary of the United States Air Force. Ms. Disbrow also served as Acting Secretary of the Air Force and was the Senate-confirmed chief financial officer of the Air Force, as the Assistant Secretary for Financial Management and Comptroller. She retired from the Air Force in 2008 as a colonel after 23 years of active and reserve duty.


John Giamatteo | Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Giamatteo is BlackBerry’s Chief Executive Officer and has served as director of the Company since December 2023. John brings to BlackBerry over 30 years of experience in P&L, go-to-market, marketing, customer relationships, and customer success with global high technology companies. He came to BlackBerry from McAfee where he was President and Chief Revenue Officer for over six years. Prior to that Mr. Giamatteo served as Chief Operating Officer at AVG Technologies, a leading provider of internet and mobile security. He also held leadership positions with Solera Holdings, RealNetworks, Inc., and Nortel Corporation. Mr. Giamatteo holds an MBA and Bachelor of Accounting from St. John’s University in New York.


Barry Mainz | Director
Mr. Mainz has served as a director of the Company since August 2025 and is a member of the Nomination and Governance Committee. He is a technology veteran with 30 years of experience in executive leadership, global sales, marketing, product-led growth, and product development. Mr. Mainz is the Chief Executive Officer of Forescout Technologies, a global cybersecurity leader, and has previously served as President of Wind River Systems, Chief Operating Officer of Malwarebytes, as well as Chief Executive Officer and Director of MobileIron. He has also served as an Operating Partner at Crosspoint Capital and has held leadership roles, as well as advisory and board positions, at public and private companies such as Mercury Interactive, Makara (acquired by Red Hat), and Sun Microsystems. Mr. Mainz holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Communications from San Francisco State University.


Lori O'Neill | Director
Ms. O’Neill has served as a director of the Company since June 2024 and is a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee. She is a FCPA, FCA, corporate director and independent financial consultant and currently serves on the boards of Constellation Software Inc. and Calian Group Ltd. Ms. O’Neill has served as a director of numerous public and private technology companies, Crown corporations and non-profit organizations. Previously, she was a leader in the Canadian national technology, media and communications audit practice at Deloitte LLP, where she served for 24 years. Ms. O’Neill has an honours bachelor of commerce degree from Carleton University and is a holder of the CPA, CA designation, the U.S. CPA designation and the ICD.D designation from the Institute of Corporate Directors.


Wayne Wouters | Director
Mr. Wouters has served as a director of the Company since October 2015 and is a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee. Mr. Wouters has an honours bachelor of commerce degree from the University of Saskatchewan and a master’s degree in economics from Queen’s University. He is a Strategic and Policy Advisor to McCarthy Tétrault LLP, a director of Canadian Utilities Limited and Foran Mining Corporation, and a former director of Champion Iron Limited. From 2009 to 2014, Mr. Wouters was the Clerk of the Privy Council of Canada and, in that capacity, held the roles of Deputy Minister to the Prime Minister, Secretary to the Cabinet and Head of the Public Service. Prior to his tenure as Clerk, Mr. Wouters was Secretary of the Treasury Board of Canada and served in deputy ministerial and other senior positions in the Canadian public service. Mr. Wouters has received numerous awards, including Honorary Doctorates of Laws from the Universities of Saskatchewan and Manitoba, the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee Medal and the André Mailhot Award for lifetime achievement from the United Way Canada. He was inducted by the Prime Minister as a member of the Privy Council in 2014 and was invested into the Order of Canada as an officer in 2017.

Techasit Luanthon | Investor
This person who working hard behind that have been from The Kingdom of Thailand now at the 26th Years old (count by 6/2/2026) and this person want to tranform the world of AI into the reality works 
